k8s/cert-ingress/README.md, before:

# Configuring Domain Name and Automatic SSL Cert for Your ComposeDB Node

## Prerequisites
- A Kubernetes cluster (e.g., on DigitalOcean)
- `kubectl` configured to interact with your cluster
- A domain name pointed to your cluster's IP address

## Setup Steps

### 1. Remove the default load balancer
Replace the existing load balancer with an ingress controller:  
(this step assumes a digital ocean load balancer, adjust for your configuration)

```bash
kubectl delete -f ./k8s/base/ceramic-one/manifests/js-ceramic-lb.yaml
```

### 2. Install the NGINX Ingress Controller
If not already installed, add the NGINX ingress controller to your cluster:

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/controller-v1.8.2/deploy/static/provider/do/deploy.yaml
```

### 3. Install cert-manager
cert-manager will automatically manage and renew SSL certificates:

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.12.0/cert-manager.yaml
```

### 4. Update Configuration Files
1. Edit `ingress.yaml`:
   - Replace `your-domain.com` with your actual domain name.
2. Edit `letsencrypt-issuer.yaml`:
   - Replace `your-email@example.com` with your actual email address.

### 5. Apply the Ingress and Related Services
From the repository root, run:

```bash
kubectl apply -k k8s/cert-ingress/
```

This will set up the ingress, ClusterIP service, and cert-manager configurations.

### 6. Verify the Setup
1. Check that the ingress has been created:
   ```bash
   kubectl get ingress -n ceramic
   ```
2. Verify that cert-manager has issued a certificate:
   ```bash
   kubectl get certificates -n ceramic
   ```
3. Once the certificate is ready, you should be able to access your ComposeDB node securely via HTTPS at your domain.

## Notes
- SSL certificates will be automatically obtained and renewed by cert-manager.
- If you need to make changes, modify the relevant files in the `k8s/cert-ingress/` directory and reapply using `kubectl apply -k k8s/cert-ingress/`.
- Ensure your domain's DNS is properly configured to point to your cluster's IP address.

Commit message:

fix: note that we had to modify the default DigitalOcean nginx ingress config

k8s/cert-ingress/README.md, after:

# Configuring Domain Name and Automatic SSL Cert for Your ComposeDB Node

## Prerequisites
- A Kubernetes cluster (e.g., on DigitalOcean)
- `kubectl` configured to interact with your cluster
- A domain name pointed to your cluster's IP address

## Setup Steps

### 1. Remove the default load balancer
Replace the existing load balancer with an ingress controller:  
(this step assumes a digital ocean load balancer, adjust for your configuration)

```bash
kubectl delete -f ./k8s/base/ceramic-one/manifests/js-ceramic-lb.yaml
```

### 2. Install the NGINX Ingress Controller
If not already installed, add the NGINX ingress controller to your cluster.  If using Digital Ocean, use the included version that disables the proxy so that the cert-manager command will work correctly.

 ```bash
kubectl apply -f ingress-nginx-do-deploy.yaml
```

### 3. Install cert-manager
cert-manager will automatically manage and renew SSL certificates:

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/releases/download/v1.12.0/cert-manager.yaml
```

### 4. Update Configuration Files
1. Edit `ingress.yaml`:
   - Replace `your-domain.com` with your actual domain name.
2. Edit `letsencrypt-issuer.yaml`:
   - Replace `your-email@example.com` with your actual email address.

### 5. Apply the Ingress and Related Services
From the repository root, run:

```bash
kubectl apply -k k8s/cert-ingress/
```

This will set up the ingress, ClusterIP service, and cert-manager configurations.

### 6. Verify the Setup
1. Check that the ingress has been created:
   ```bash
   kubectl get ingress -n ceramic
   ```
2. Verify that cert-manager has issued a certificate:
   ```bash
   kubectl get certificates -n ceramic
   ```
3. Once the certificate is ready, you should be able to access your ComposeDB node securely via HTTPS at your domain.

## Notes
- SSL certificates will be automatically obtained and renewed by cert-manager.
- If you need to make changes, modify the relevant files in the `k8s/cert-ingress/` directory and reapply using `kubectl apply -k k8s/cert-ingress/`.
- Ensure your domain's DNS is properly configured to point to your cluster's IP address.
